car
N behind Gozaimashita saw we are sir
I am so Thank you Congratulations Te Yes Agemashi
Yes it is a little station after a long time
I heard that contains as a model about three times
About 13 times since the New Year had moved even today Well in Te' went to see Kyoto
The manner in and Well Sodesunee say
It's also like the last year's pine even after dawn but it seems like it was once in awhile
Dattari Eria Toka fishing metal vibe
The light rig of the place rice
Toka also fish in there this alive now I so much Well I'd have is tentatively check Well
I don't feel like I'm concentrating or coming in
It's just hard to go fishing
Quite cold from the well but is quite the experience human perceived out occurs wind it today
I 'm worried about the whiteness, I'm winter, I'm totally totally windy, though
I don't give it to the water on the lowest water day even though I'm still in the water.
Such as whether unusual 8 -7 Tten'na
so
In the evening time the I in I bought a double come back I today
The voice of waiting Qi had met Bikkuro 3 I 3-point lead Toka Rouge Jitsunami Ndera is once again
Fishy yet
Yet not'm feeling as told'm not and I think the coldest period feel say this winter
I Na or fish often are dragging a little open
Kore If you are with the I are doing with the feeling
Yes
What is it
It is 8 to pull
In Well Is that area aim
Well there is no sticking paste
Almost
Not changed
I hardly Kawan also Toka way things Toka Well one part you are doing
Feeling so slow
Or the time to stop is Te' like a more and more left many have gone down toward the winter
At what time
Fish is a good move
In addition to going on time why I thought Well catch up or To Well to I the food
In the sense that we can correct a lot of
More slowly winding or slowing down or through
Action is in also in our customers' s and 2 people have you ne of today guide for 4
8 Well 50 Just About Tomorrow
Fe 4 Pachi 40
Well for the first half to go out
I'm selling Japanese people
At first it's slowly coming out at about half past nine out of Thailand
Naturally the world that it became easy to move because the temperature of the water probably rose from midday through Japan.
Even if the wind blows with the monster
Also brother we are showing Dark Japan
Atari is also around but there are 6 times and 4 catches
In words that also place You're Oh that now are above hanging Why not bad in its own way Well Well
And metal way cash is probably Well heard talk even to go to
Mondo chance is twice
3rd floor
Well , I think it's g, and it feels like you ca n't choose that size .
If it compares
Well there are par and everything else for a short time
And I'd only have about a guy 50 I bought in I went again I probably an extent that there is fish doing
It's applying industry UU UU intends Wood guy safety guy Tteyuu ball body type tipper
I mean satisfaction
Loss
It has step-by-step we are Well Willing to say What is the correct answer